
Fcgi.tcl INSTALL

Fcgi.tcl flavors:

    Fcgi.tcl is available in two flavors, a 100% Tcl flavor, and a
    C extension flavor.

    'tcl-src' is a 100% Tcl flavor of Fcgi.tcl.  It's advantages are that you
    don't need the FastCGI Developer's kit, easy modification and tuning,
    and it's portable to Windows environments.  The disadvantage is that
    it is slower in processing the FastCGI protocol than the C extension 
    version.  You will also need the Extended Tcl (TclX) extension to 
    use 'AppClass' style connections.

    'c-src' is a Tcl C extension that must be compiled.  You'll need to 
    have the FastCGI Developer's kit installed.  The advantage is that it's 
    faster in processing the FastCGI protocol.  The disadvantage
    is that it relies on other libraries (the Developer's kit), and is not
    as easy to modify.

    My advice is that the 'tcl-src' flavor is easy to get started and
    experiment, and generally runs with acceptable performance.  If you need 
    the last ounce of processing power, go with the 'c-src' flavor.


1. You will need to have Tcl and TclX already installed.  See the README
   for where to get them.  TclX is not necessarily required for 
   the 'c-src' flavor.  If you install the 'tcl-src' flavor, you will need
   TclX for 'AppClass' style connections.


2. Run "./configure".  

   You should specify the same --prefix and --exec-prefix as you did when 
   you configured Tcl and TclX.  The defaults are /usr/local.

   ./configure --prefix=/usr/local  --exec-prefix=/usr/local


   Configure will use the --prefix= --exec-prefix= to locate a working
   'tcl' or 'tclsh8.0' executable.  These directories also specify where to
   find the Tcl library and config files (lib/tcl8.0 and lib/tclConfig.sh).

   ./configure has three options, 
				--with-fcgi-directory=PATH
				--disable-shared
				--with-tclx

   If you are planning on building the C extension, configure will need to
   find the 'fcgi-devel-kit' directory.  This is done by looking in several
   parent level directories.  If configure is unable to locate your
   fcgi-devel-kit directory AND you are planning to build the C extension,
   re-run configure and specify this option.  Here's an example, you
   should of course substitute the correct directories:

   ./configure 	--prefix=/usr/local  		\
		--exec-prefix=/usr/local	\
		--with-fcgi-directory=/usr/src/fcgi

   When building the C extension, the default is to build a shared 
   library that can be loaded using 'package require Fcgi'.  
   Tcl MUST ALSO have been configured with '--enable-shared'.  The configure
   script and Makefile uses information from the tclConfig.sh file that
   deals with compiling and linking shared libraries.

   You can build a static library and executable by specifing 
   '--disable-shared' as a configure option.   If you noramlly use 
   Extended Tcl, you can build an executable with Tcl, TclX, and Fcgi
   by using the configure option '--with-tclx'.

   IF you plan on making and installing the 'tcl-src' flavor AND DON'T
   have the FastCGI Developer's kit, configure will issue a warning(s), which
   can be ignored.

   This step will generate a Makefile, tcl-src/Makefile, tcl-src/Fcgi.tcl, 
   tcl-src/pkgIndex.tcl, c-src/Makefile.


3. Run "make"

   You will need to decide which flavor of Fcgi.tcl to make and install.
   Your choices are:

	make tcl-src
	or
	make c-src

   Making 'tcl-src' is trivial, since the it's 100% Tcl anyway.  Making
   'c-src' requires finding some fcgi-devel-kit files, compiling, and linking
   into a shared library, or building static tcl executables.  I highly
   recommend building shared libraries when you can.

   Again, your Tcl installation MUST HAVE BEEN BUILT with --enable-shared!


4. Run "make install".

   You will need to specify the same flavor, either the Tcl source package,
   or the C extension package:

	make install-tcl-src
	or
	make install-c-src

   This step will install Fcgi.tcl as a package that can be sourced by the 
   Tcl 'package require Fcgi' command.  A new directory (FcgXY)  will be 
   made in the ./lib directory specified by '--prefix='.  Fcgi.tcl or
   libFcgiXY.so, and pkgIndex.tcl will be copied to that directory.  ('XY'
   represent the Fcgi major/minor release numbers.)

   Example programs in example/src are also configured for execution.
   Example programs will have to be moved to an appropriate directory
   for execution by your web server.


